>> To complete your coding
assignments using the GitHub
Codespaces platform in
MindTap, you will have
to authorize GitHub to
access your MindTap course.
Note, you will only
have to do this once
when you launch the first
Coding Lab assignment
at the beginning
of your semester.
In order to complete this
authorization process,
you will need to have
a GitHub account.
You can use your existing
GitHub account or go
to github.com to
sign up for one.
As you launch your first
coding assignment in MindTap,
the authorization
screen will pop up.
Select the green button to
link your GitHub account
with your MindTap course.
Your account is now authorized
and you can begin
your assignments.